What is Corewar?
• Corewar is a very peculiar game. It’s about bringing “players” together around a “virtual machine”,
	which will load some “champions” who will fight against one another with the support of “processes”,
	with the objective being for these champions to stay “alive”.
• The processes are executed sequentially within the same virtual machine and memory space.
	They can therefore, among other things, write and rewrite on top of each others so to corrupt one another,
	force the others to execute instructions that can damage them.
• The game ends when all the processes are dead. The winner is the last player reported to be “alive”.

This project is consist of:
• The assembler:
	This is the program that will compile champions and translate them
	from the language they wrote in (assembly language) into “Bytecode”.
	Bytecode is a machine code, which will be directly interpreted by the virtual machine.
• The virtual machine:
	It’s the “arena” in which your champions will be executed.
	It offers various functions, all of which will be useful for the battle of the champions.
• The champion:
	The bot which is wrote in Bytecode and it can write bits and pieces of Corewar ASM.

To launch the play you should first compile the project - make.

Also you need to translate bot's assembly's code to bytecode:
	./asm BotX.s

	It will create the BotX.cor file.
	You can use any other bot from 'champs' directory.

Then you should type:
	./corewar [-dump nbr_cycles] [[-n number] champion1.cor] ...

	-dump nbr_cycles
		at the end of nbr_cycles of executions, dump the memory on the standard output and quit the game.
	
	-n number
		sets the number of the next player.
		If non-existent, the player will have the next available number in the order of the parameters.
		The last player will have the first process in the order of execution.
	
	For example:
		./corewar -n 2 ./BotX.cor ./BotX.cor

	You can also use flag -v after executable file to visualize the battle.

	DON'T RUSH AT THE END OF THE GAME.
	PRESS 'SPACE' AND SEE THE MAGIC :)